ci(release): track deprecations in release notes (#1329)
MODFLOW-USGS/modflow6: DEVELOPER.md

```

This process can be repeated periodically to stay in sync with the develop branch and keep a clean commit history.

## Deprecation policy

To deprecate a MODFLOW 6 input/output option in a DFN file:

- Add a line `deprecated x.y.z` to the option block in the appropriate DFN file, where `x.y.z` is the version the deprecation is introduced. Mention the deprecation prominently in the release notes.
- If support for the deprecated option is removed (typically after at least 2 minor or major releases or 1 year), add a line `removed x.y.z` to the options block, where `x.y.z` is the version in which support for the option was removed. Mention the removal prominently in the release notes.
- Deprecated/removed options are not removed from DFN files but remain in perpetuity. The `doc/mf6io/mf6ivar/mf6ivar.py` script generates a markdown deprecation table which is converted to LaTeX by `doc/ReleaseNotes/mk_deprecations.py` for inclusion in the MODFLOW 6 release notes. Deprecations and removals should still be mentioned separately in the release notes, however.

### Finding deprecations

> To search for `deprecated` (or substitute `removed`) options with `git`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To search for `deprecated` (or substitute `removed`) strings in DFN files with `git`:
```
